I'm Monica I wash the toilet 17 times a
day even if people are on it hi I'm
Rachel is my sweater too tight no oh I
better wash it and shrink it I don't get
phone messages from interesting people
ever I call her
oh my god I love Ross I hate Ross
I love
oh my god I can't find a boyfriend so I
guess I'll just stumble across the hall
and sleep with the first guy I find in
there
yeah we should get a move on if we want
to make those dinner reservation I'm not
talking to her one of you has to take
the first step and it should be you
because she's the one who's leaving it's
harder for her right she made my
phone pin I know I took it hard to
listen Rachel feel really bad about what
happened what are you doing I'm
unpacking what I'm not moving it's a
picture string it needs to go about 20
blocks to the left you're the one who
wants to make this big change and move
in with Chandler you should be the one
to go why do I have to leave it is my
apartment
that's mine too what else you got
how about your building
this is ridiculous we should be packing
you hey doing great
Monica's movie
I am not really your stop is in this box
I know I know that you're acting mad
because you think that'll make it easier
to leave but deep down you're still
really sad deep deep down no Phoebe I am
mad well deep deep deep down
yeah I'm just mad keep running this is
the last box of your clothes I'm just
gonna label it what were you thinking
honey cuz I was just gonna go across the
hall and write that on Chandler I don't
need to make things worse but um I don't
want to live with Rachel anymore what
you're just so mean to each other
and I don't want to end up like that
with Rachel I still like you well maybe
that's fine because I'm not moving oh
whoa whoa whoa Phoebe you gotta take her
you know I know I said some really bad
stuff about her but you know Rachel does
have some good qualities that make her a
good roommate oh really like what Monica
you know she has a hundred and
forty-seven thousand pair of boots oh
yeah good start Mon she let you borrow
them yeah and you stretch them out with
your big old clown feet do you want to
live outside because that's getting cold
she gets tons of catalogs and she'll
fold down the pages of the things that
she thinks that I'd like what else would
I take a shower she leaves me little
notes on the mirror yeah I do that's
nice I like having things to read in the
bathroom when I fall asleep on the couch
after reading she covers me over with a
blanket well you know what I don't want
you to be cold
and when I told her that I was gonna be
moving in with Chandler she was really
supportive you were so great okay right
so now I can't wait to live with you we
should do bring Monica and then we could
all live there together we'll have so
much fun but honey I think she's moving
in with Chandler oh that's right
you still sit on that
oh my god